Day seven of running seven marathons on
all seven continents and today is our
final marathon.
We have made it to Miami. Somehow all of
the jet lag, the knee pain, everything.
I have willed myself across six marathon
finish lines this week. When I signed up
for this months ago, I did not know if I
could do it. What I learned this week
there's always more to give, always
always always
more to give. But even with the seventh
finish line so close, I hit my deepest
struggle yet. I was sick of the gels,
sick of the taste of water, and every
mile felt like forever. But I had a
secret weapon I've been holding on to
for this very moment. Voice memos from
my friends and family back home. And so
every mile I would listen to a different
message to help me keep pushing.
>> Michelle, it's Cleo. You are crushing
this. We are all cheering for you.
>> If there's one human on this planet that
I would put my money on, it's you. I
can't believe it.
I'm going to actually do this.
I'm actually going to do it.
>> You're in the final stretch. Take baby
steps if you have to. And get that last
marathon in the books, baby. Yeah,
Michelle! Like always,
always have more to give.
Always. Less than 3 miles left of seven
marathons on all seven continents in 1
week. Over 180 miles. Let's do it.
Hell yeah.
Crossing the seventh finish line was one
of the wildest feelings I've ever
experienced. Extreme joy, pride, and
emotional release. For months I had
visualized crossing this finish line,
and it finally happened. Despite being a
challenge I thought was actually
impossible. Follow to see the full
documentary of our full experience
coming soon on YouTube. It's done!